New Data Source: `azurerm_storage_containers` (#24061)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/storage_containers.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Storage"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_storage_containers"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Storage Containers.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_storage_containers

> Use this data source to access information about an existing Storage Containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to access information about the Storage Containers available within a Storage Account.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_storage_containers" "example" {
  storage_account_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/rg1/providers/Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/sa1"
}

output "container_id" {
  value = data.azurerm_storage_containers.example.containers.0.resource_manager_id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `storage_account_id` - (Required) The ID of the Storage Account that the Storage Containers reside in.

---

> * `name_prefix` - (Optional) A prefix match used for the Storage Container `name` field, case sensitive.

Reviewer: Terraform is case-sensitive by default (like most systems are), so I don't think we need to call this one out explicitly?

```suggestion
* `name_prefix` - (Optional) A prefix match used for the Storage Container `name` field.
```
